c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.dll.config
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.pdb
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\obj\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\obj\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.dll
c:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\obj\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Cadastro.Pesquisa.Business.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Cadastro.Pesquisa.Repositorio.Contratos.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Cadastro.Pesquisa.Business.pdb
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Cadastro.Pesquisa.Repositorio.Contratos.pdb
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\obj\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\obj\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\obj\Debug\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Cadastro.Pesquisa.Repositorio.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\Cadastro.Pesquisa.Repositorio.pdb
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\Alexandre\Documents\GitHub\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa\Backend_Cadastro_Pesquisa.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
